# mafcs-d-label-catalogs

## Description

    Product lookup

1. Receives and validates header and bank Identification Number
2. Gets an BinInfo object from an external service
4. Search a product name from an excel file information that match with productNo and instrumentNo properties of BinInfo object
5. Response with gotten product with status OK

### Versioning

#### Important changes

- **LOG classes**
	- ProductNameController
	- ProductServiceImpl
	- CatalogDataUtil
	- ProductNameValidator
	- ExternalApiUtil
	- ProductNameLoadFile
	- ToolsUtil


-  **Checkstyle**
	- All classes

-  **Added classes**
	- ToolsUtil
	- ProductFile
	- ProductNameProperties
	- ProductNameLoadFile
	- RestServiceErrorHandler

-  **Removed classes**
	- BinInfoRequest

- **FindBugs**

	- CatalogDataUtil: There was a validation that was being used more than once
	- ProductNameController: There were object assigned that was not being used
	- CatalogDataUtil: Use of continue and break sentences more than once

- **Others**

	- Missing tests development.
	- Config Server Configuration.
	- Change in access to properties files.
	- Improvement file upload.
	- Lombok implementation.
	- Actuator.
	- Removing component annotation in pojos.
	- Improvement of java doc.

#### Last modification date:
Feb/21/2018 by Abraham Hernández

### Endpoints

There is only one Endpoint:

| Endpoints  |
|--|--|
| /api/v1/consumerServices/productServices/labelCatalogs/{bankIdentificationNumber}  |


### Request data

URL2:

	https://localhost:8080/api/v1/consumerServices/productServices/labelCatalogs/{bankIdentificationNumber}


Method : GET

| Headers  | Value |
|--|--|
| Authorization  | UATTesting |
| Content-type |  application/json|
| Uuid | 123456789|
| Client_id | 123456789|
| Accept | application/json|
| Accept-Language| EN|
---
## Built

### Built With
* Maven
* Spring
* SpringBoot


### Prerequisites
You need to have installed:

 - Java 1.8
 - Maven
 - IDE or Text editor
 - lombok installed on IDE
---
## Deployment

	mvn spring boot:run

Or from STS right click on the project -> Run As -> Spring Boot App


### Running JUnit tests

 - On STS(Spring Tool Suite) right click on the project  > Run As >
   JUnit Test
 - Or for **debugging** right click on the project  > Debug As > JUnit Test

For run a unique test just go to the src/test/java package that is the test and select the test by clicking on the name of it -> Right click --> Run As -> JUnit test

For run a unique test in debug mode just go to the src/test/java package that is the test and select the test by clicking on the name of it -> Right click --> Debug As -> JUnit test

### Reporting

To generate a google standard check-style html site.

#### site

It is divided in two categories:

 1. Project Information

	- Provides an overview of the various documents and links that are part of this project's general information.

2. Project Reports

	- Provides an overview of the various reports that are automatically generated by Maven.

The site is generated on the project folder: target > site > index.html


	$ mvn clean install site


#### Sonar
Sonar is an open source platform used by development teams to manage source code quality.


	$ mvn -X jacoco:prepare-agent clean test sonar:sonar

Or from STS rigth click on the project -> Run As -> Maven Build... -> Goals: sonar:sonar -> Run

In the lasts lines of the console there is a link, copy and paste it on any web browser to see the report.




